this what I'm about to say is totally
true okay the economy will get worse and
worse and worse and worse and worse and
your kids living standards will be
significantly worse than yours that will
definitely happen if we do not take
action on wealth inequality because
wealth inequality in the absence of
action will increase and is increasing
very quickly the message is your house
is on fire this is the fire we can put
it out are you going to put it out the
power of that message is that it is true
and it is correct if we don't take
action on this which you know I suspect
we won't have Improvement within 5 10
years living standards will get
significantly worse in the next 5 to 10
years that is the message if enough
people know that that we have to take
action on this thing otherwise our kids'
lives will be disastrous then we
will get Chang on and this is not about
right or left it's not about
conservatives labor Republicans
Democrats this is about do you want your
kids lives to be or not